GEORGE JONES:
The universe is not limited
to the three dimensions
that we can see.
What if I were to tell you...
...our universal geometry
may be much larger
than we ever conceived?
BRYAN: Your father was right.
MADDOX:
George Jones is alive.
MI-6 stays out of it.
BRYAN: Do you know what
you're asking me to do?
FINOLA: If we're not willing
to use this technology,
then we're not worthy
to have it.
MADDOX: We're all trying
to assemble these pieces.
They want to call it
an arms race...
...they're right.
(thunder rumbles,
rain pouring)
Buenos días.
Good morning.
Not quite morning yet.
(sighs)
Okay, that's frustrating.
What are you
looking for, Sofia?
Can't find
the seed reorder logs.
I just had them yesterday.
Did you have
any breakfast?
-No.
-Well, that's the problem.
Go make a stack of pancakes,
and you come back in,
you'll find them.
Go on.
Okay, I'm going.
Hey, do you want anything?
-Damn right.
-Okay.
Ooh.
(wind blowing)
(coughing)
(clears throat)
(people coughing
in distance)
(coughing)
(door closes)
**
(thunder rumbles)
(coughing)
(choking, gasping)
(raspy gasp)
**
** (theme)
(sighs loudly)
Wow. Did you lose a bet
or something?
Last pair, or I would've
gotten you some.
You know how long
I've looking for these?
A pair like this?
-Those?
-Yeah.
I mean, they may not
be Ray-Bans, okay?
But The King...
The King didn't
need Ray-Bans.
The King was
as bright as the sun.
Did you get my water?
So you got a slushee,
Vegas glasses, and no water?
I came out to ask
if you wanted
a big one
or a small one.
Right.
Be right back.
The report says the Debris
landed at 2:43 A.M.
Meteorological data says
the rain started around 3 A.M.,
and hasn't stopped.
(mutters)
It seems to be entirely
contained to a half-mile radius.
I've never heard of
anything like this.
No. Wow, they've
classified it at level three.
(thunder rumbles)
Look.
We're here.
**
FINOLA: Agent Reed,
what've you got for us?
REED: Three deaths
that we know of so far.
A farmer and two others who
came from inside the rain zone.
Apparently, they went
to try and help him,
but they died the same way.
So, whatever is happening
in there is poisoning people.
Right. We believe there
are around 30 workers
living in migrant housing
on the farm.
We were in contact with them
for a short time,
but we've lost all radio
and cell signals from inside.
Maybe there all dead.
Do we have
an M.E. here?
-Right over there.
-Okay, thank you.
All right.
(chuckles)
Hey, John.
-Hey, Bryan. Hey.
-Hey.
-It's not an easy one.
-What happened to them?
Preliminary cause of death
appears to be asphyxiation,
like they were reacting to
some type of atmospheric change.
-Atmospheric change?
-Right.
Like somehow
the atmosphere in there
doesn't have enough oxygen.
They managed to stumble out,
but it was too late.
What the hell happened here?
The lining of their lungs
appears to have
suffered chemical damage,
a reaction to
what they were breathing.
So, the Debris
is changing the atmosphere,
changing its composition.
But why isn't
the atmosphere in there
mixing with
the atmosphere out here?
A barrier?
Some sort of
force field, maybe?
One that these three men
were able to walk through?
(thunder rumbles)
**
All right.
Here goes.
FINOLA:
Okay.
(instrument pulsing)
This place is all bad.
BRYAN:
The light is...
it's different here.
You see the water?
FINOLA: Yeah.
Hey, hang on.
FINOLA: Wow.
Let's check
the buildings.
(people speaking indistinctly)
(gasping)
BRYAN: No, no, no.
(speaks Spanish)
-WOMAN: Who are you?
-BRYAN: We're here to help.
-FINOLA: It's okay. It's okay.
There's something wrong
with the rain.
Yeah, we are just trying
to figure this out.
Just trying to work out
what is happening.
Can anybody
tell me what they saw?
We all woke up
early this morning.
It was hard to breathe.
It got worse,
and we felt like
we were going to die.
Like we were poisoned.
But then it stopped.
And-and you're okay now?
We feel okay.
Did you-- Did you see
anyone when you came in?
No. No, why?
My son. My son, Arturo.
He's missing.
He was really scared
when all this started,
and some of us went to look
for him, but I can't find him.
-How old is your son?
-He's eight.
Before the rain,
did you notice anything?
MAN: A few of us
woke up last night.
We heard a rushing,
whistling sound,
-and then a boom.
-Did any of you see
what made the sounds?
Some of the workers
tried to leave,
and they tried the cars,
but they wouldn't start.
They-they left on foot,
but they died, too.
Stay here.
Everybody stay here.
-Okay.
-BRYAN: Okay?
All of the dead bodies
are outside of the zone.
They're all fine in here.
They only die when they leave.
It's like they've all been
changed physiologically.
Like they can't tolerate
normal air anymore.
Come on, let's go back
to base camp.
I'll find out
where they were
and send a team to
recover them for analysis.
-What about the missing boy?
-Yeah,
I'll send a search team
to recover him, too.
I'm gonna sweep
the fields for Debris.
FINOLA:
You go ahead.
(instrument pulsing)
**
Hey, hey, hey!
Está bien.
It's okay!
You're gonna be okay! Hey!
Calm down.
Papi. Papi.
Está bien.
You're gonna be safe.
You're gonna be safe, okay?
Hey.
It's okay.
Come on.
Arturo! Mi amor!
(speaking indistinctly)
(whispers)
Thank you.
Right hand.
Oh, my gosh. That was--
That was amazing.
All right, let's switch
to your left hand, Dario.
No, your left.
Left hand.
Bring it up.
A little higher.
There you go.
There you go. Beautiful.
Look at that. Yeah.
Just like a big
catcher's mitt right there.
-(cell phone ringing)
-Come on.
Let's see what you got.
All right.
Left hand.
Ready. Hoo!
You're killing me.
Okay, Dad loses.
I'll give you five more.
-(cell phone ringing)
-(Maddox grunts)
Three... four... five.
-Okay. Hold on, buddy.
-(cell phone continues ringing)
I'll be right back.
Hello?
(line disconnects)
(door closes)
WOMAN:
What are you doing?
I-- Someone called.
They hung up when I answered.
It's an unknown caller.
So what?
Do I answer your phone?
No, I don't.
I would never.
MADDOX: I'm sorry,
it just seemed weird.
Not everything
is a conspiracy, Craig.
Okay, buddy. (claps)
Here we go.
Left.
Beautiful.
Is Bryan back yet?
No, but he found the boy.
He's okay.
But there's something else.
There's a man
who just pulled up.
He says he lives here.
-How did he get in?
-He went around the roadblocks.
He says he's not leaving
until he can get to the farm.
-He claims his family's inside.
-(sighs)
FINOLA:
Sorry, you can't be here.
You're gonna have to go back.
No, I live on that farm.
I have family on that farm.
Okay, what's going on there?
Why are you here?
Okay, what's your name?
-Efraim. Efraim Muñoz.
-Efraim...
we can't really say
what's going on at this point,
but it is not safe
for you to go in there.
What are you talking about?
I spoke to them yesterday.
They didn't say anything.
Were you here last night?
No, I was on the road
for a couple of days.
I'm the distribution manager.
What happened?
Well, we are trying to
figure this out, but, please.
These are my brother's
children and his wife Sofia.
I've met them.
They're together,
and they're safe.
-Okay.
-Is your brother
on the farm, too?
He passed away a year ago.
Okay.
Why is that--
Why is that man
wearing a spacesuit?
Efraim, please calm down.
We're going to
keep you onsite
until we have this
under control.
What?
Please.
Toxicology on
the recovered corpse
was severely oxygen-deficient.
Plants from the affected zone
from sample section C
do not appear to engage
in photosynthesis.
However, they do seem to
engage in a similar process
that produces chlorine
instead of oxygen.
Atmospheric composition
in the zone
is almost 45% chlorine,
along with hydrogen,
argon, nitrogen,
but almost zero oxygen,
except in water molecules.
There's a theory that
life forms that engage in
chlorine-based respiration
could exist on other planets.
BRYAN:
Do you want in on this?
You've been
working all night.
Where did you get that?
From the fridge.
Which fridge?
BRYAN:
The fridge in our trailer.
FINOLA:
Then definitely not.
No one's been in that
trailer for three weeks.
I've eaten older.
It's creating a whole
chlorine-based ecology.
Are you suggesting that
the Debris
is terraforming
the planet here?
The Debris changed
the atmosphere,
but something
in the atmosphere
changed the workers into
chlorine-breathing organisms.
Well, that would
explain the episodes
that they all had
earlier in the morning.
If the people in that storm
no longer breathe oxygen...
what happens when
we remove the Debris?
Hey, can we take some more
samples from the dead victims?
I want to bring in a specialist
to analyze them. Thanks.
FINOLA:
What's wrong?
The storm is growing.
How fast?
We should start thinking about
evacuating the county.
They're expecting them.
Tell them to contact me
as soon as they've completed
a full genetic sequencing.
Yes.
Hey.
I want to take
a blood sample from you.
You're the only person we have
with a blood relative in there.
If we could take your blood,
I can compare your DNA
with your nephew's DNA
and it might help us
understand what's going on.
Is it the rain? What--
What is it doing to them?
Please. I just need you
to trust me.
WOMAN:
Make a fist for me.
All done.
FINOLA: Okay.
Do you want some water?
I think I'm being
punished by God.
What do you mean?
I used to...
laugh at my brother
'cause he was
such a family man.
He married young.
I never understood that.
Having a family
made his life...
so much harder
than it would have been
if he didn't have them.
Feeding one mouth
is hard enough.
Feeding four...
When he was dying, he...
he asked
me to take care of them.
What could I say?
After he passed, Arturo,
the way he coped
with it, he...
started calling me "Papi."
I kept having to remind him,
"I'm your uncle.
I'm not your papi."
When I got this job, I...
I was always on the road.
I was making
good money, but...
I started to miss him.
They...
give me this peace.
I realized that my brother
was the smart one.
But there were
a lot of moments
when I wished that I didn't
have this responsibility.
The burden.
And now...
I don't know what's
gonna to happen to them,
if I'm ever gonna
see them again.
Maybe I'm being punished
for the things I thought.
It sounds like
what you did was right.
You acted in
their best interest,
even if it took time
for your heart to catch up.
I can't imagine
a man like that deserves...
punishment.
I'm gonna do my best
to get your family out
BRYAN: Arturo,
this isn't gonna hurt.
(grunts with effort)
Trust me.
(Bryan sighs)
What is that?
This? This is...
the most important part.
These are very
special glasses.
The glasses of a king.
And kings, you know,
they don't get afraid, do they?
Kings rule.
Wow.
And now you rule
this entire farm.
Are you ready, Arturo?
Yeah.
FINOLA:
All right. Super quick.
Ah, they're sending
in the B-team, huh?
They only
send in the A-team
when they want
the agent to survive.
Finola Jones.
It's nice to meet you.
BRYAN: Beck is from
Emergency Containment.
Been briefed?
This is unique.
Picking up 850 in there?
It hasn't moved
since we arrived.
We're lucky it didn't land
in a more populated area.
I've been given orders to
turn this off right away.
It just spread
another 200 feet.
Anything else
I should know?
It's all in the report.
It's got B wavelengths, so...
You comin'?
Yeah, I'll be
right there.
FINOLA: Populated area?
(scoffs)
Even if it's not
a whole city,
there are still people
in jeopardy in there.
They'll die if
the Debris is removed.
Do you even know what
that's gonna look like?
There are things that
you understand about life
that I don't,
and I respect that.
But there are things
that I know
that you will not
find very palatable,
and one of the hard
lessons I have learned
is that when I'm facing
a situation like this,
I want to focus on
the people that we're saving,
not the ones
that we can't.
FINOLA:
I'll find a way.
We don't have time.
Think about the people
in the county. The state.
If we don't act,
we might not be able
to stop the terraforming
(sighs)
There's no way we're gonna
be able to win all these,
And I know that every cell
in your body right now
is screaming for you to do
what you think is right.
I need you
to go against that.
I need you to trust me.
(sighs)
Yeah. Yeah.
but take a look at this.
Okay.
What am I looking at?
WOMAN: Red blood cells
containing a hemoglobin analog,
one that carries chlorine
instead of oxygen.
Their blood and lung tissue
have been invaded
by an alternative
cellular structure,
and it appears progressive.
Like the most
important aspects
of the transformation
happened first.
What we're looking at here
is like nothing on Earth.
The technology to understand,
let alone reverse
what it's done to them
is years away, maybe decades.
(sighs)
I'm sorry.
(instruments trilling)
BECK:
Are you doing all right?
BRYAN: Yeah, I'm fine.
You ever
think of Julian?
How could I forget?
Everything was a lot
simpler back then.
Eh, the agency's
never been simple.
You know what I mean.
Before the Debris.
Why are you
bringing up Jules?
Your partner...
Finola.
Yeah?
You said she's got
a lot of heart.
People used to
say that about Jules.
His heart
got him killed.
Jules went out exactly
the way that he wanted to.
He was a hero.
BECK: Well, that's easy
for you to say.
I'm one that
had to tell his wife.
What's your point?
Just be careful.
Don't let her take you down.
Wait. Wait.
Are you, um... Oh!
Are you familiar with,
uh, Debris piece 489?
I think
you may be reaching.
Oh, I know,
but what else can we do?
There's no other way.
I know they used it
extensively in testing,
but never on a human.
So?
So, there's that
to contend with.
Yes, but I-I know
they were thinking about it.
They were thinking
about using it on, um,
terminal cancer patients.
Thinking about a very
narrow secret study
is different than
acting upon one.
Well, at least these people
would have a chance.
What do you
need me to do?
You know what?
I'll take it from here.
But, April?
Thank you.
BRYAN: Uh, 489.
Which one is that?
FINOLA: It was the piece they
hauled out of the Rockies
a couple months back.
It places organisms
into suspended animation.
The one
O'Neil's team found.
Yes. The researchers
working on it
called the phenomenon
"suspentia."
Bryan, I believe that
we can use Debris 489
to place those people stuck
in that storm into suspentia.
And then we could place them
in a facility until...
uh, until we
figure out a way.
It could
save their lives.
We don't know
that it will.
Yeah--
We just used.
a piece in Iowa
We've done this before.
We know that it works
on cows. Sheep.
Not the same
thing, Finola.
The alternative
to all those people
dying right now
is giving them
some kind of chance.
I understand where
you're coming from, Finola--
No, no, no!
I just see it
differently than you do.
Okay? It doesn't matter
about time, Bryan.
It doesn't matter
if it takes six months,
a year, three years,
however long it takes.
It will give people
like April time.
Time to find something
to neutralize
and reverse the mutation.
You think they're
gonna authorize this?
I've already had it
approved by Maddox,
and it's on its way
from Cheyenne Mountain
Air Force Base.
Well...
Well, that's that.
Where are you going?
I'm going to explain to
Efrain what's going on.
Why?
Why would you do that?
(sighs)
I just think...
we all have the right
to know the truth
about what happens
to the people that we love.
That's not our job.
We are supposed to be blips
in these people's lives.
Not memories.
We're doing
everything we can.
Uh...
We're going to have
to take you into the city.
We've done
all we can for now.
What happened to my family?
Are they dead?
No. No, they're not.
Then just take me
as far as you can.
I see you all go in
with those space suits.
You can give one to me.
I want to see them.
I just want to see them
one more time.
Someone is on their way
to take you somewhere
to be tested to make sure
that you haven't been exposed
to the contaminant
by being here.
Uh, until then, we are
going to have to detain you.
I'm sorry.
But I know I'm okay.
Just like you're okay.
I'm not stupid.
You're lying to me right now.
-Why are you lying to me?
-Guys.
Look, I just want to know
if my family's okay.
I need to see them!
What is wrong with you?!
You promised!
What's happened to them?!
What's happening
to my family?!
No! Just come back! No!
EFRAIN: Please!
**
You're doing the right thing.
(phone vibrates)
Hey, I can't talk right now.
I'm in the middle
of an operation
This is more important.
You need to listen to me.
Are you alone?
Just give me one second.
I've just received
some information...
Okay, what?
It's your father.
We have intelligence reports
that he may still be alive.
What?
What are you talking about?
We have proof that a man
meeting his description
is being held captive
by Influx.
No. Ferris...
Mm-mm.
I saw him dead.
I sat with his body
in the morgue.
-I saw him dead.
-We're still processing
the intel, trying to understand
exactly what's happening.
But there is one thing
we are certain of.
The Americans have known
for some time.
We intercepted
a communication
that Bryan knows, too.
(gasps)
I'm sending you a file.
Okay.
(phone chimes)
(sighs)
Uh, yeah.
These were taken
about three weeks ago
outside London.
I know what
this means to you.
I know how... impactful
his loss has been for you.
But, Finola...
you cannot
betray your knowledge
of this information.
We need to figure out
exactly what
our next steps are.
I'm heading into
a debrief of the situation.
I just...
wanted you to know first.
I'll inform you of
any new developments.
Yeah.
(indistinct chatter)
(thunder rumbles)
I'm going to tell you
something I shouldn't.
Something you are not
going to believe
But every word of it
is true.
**
EFRAIN: Do they know what's
going to happen to them?
EFRAIN: What are they going
to feel when it happens?
FINOLA: I believe
they will feel nothing.
And when they one day wake up,
they won't even know
what happened to them.
They won't age,
they won't experience
the passage of time.
It will be like
hitting pause
on the rest of their lives.
Why are you
telling me all this?
Because I would want to know.
So that I could make
my own decision
with this information.
(handcuffs clink)
**
(Efrain coughing)
(panting)
Papi? Papi!
Arturo! (laughs)
Why did you come here?
I wanted to be
here with you,
-make sure you're not scared.
-We're not.
The government people
figured out a way to save us.
There's no reason
to be scared now.
Yes, it's true, the, uh...
the agents found a way out.
Everybody, please
take your places.
Okay. Vamos.
SOFIA: Okay.
Okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Are we going to be
okay, Papi?
Hey, I got you.
(instruments trilling)
(switches clicking)
(Debris powering up)
Man (over radio): Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
**
(thunder rumbles)
We're good to go?
All right,
shut it down.
**
Did it work?
Readings are showing
they're all alive.
**
-Keep me posted.
-Okay.
(sighs)
Why'd you do it?
I realized it was right.
I just want
to understand it.
I'm not sure you'll
ever understand it.
You have...
a lot of clean up here.
I'm going to have
one of the agents
take me back to the plane
so I can get started
on those reports.
**
MAN: Roger. We're about
to do the handover.
Can you repeat
last value you had?
(beep)
Unable to confirm with
visual observation.
(beep)
This is Orbital-6370
moving now for extraction.
(beep)
Delta plus zero zero
niner three.
(beep)